Software Engineer, Early Career
Google · Greater São Paulo Area (On-site)

About the job
Please submit your resume in English - we can only consider applications submitted in this language.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Belo Horizonte, State of Minas Gerais, Brazil; São Paulo, State of São Paulo, Brazil.Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
1 year of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript).

Preferred qualifications:

Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field.
Experience developing accessible technologies.
Ability to start in 2024.

About The Job

Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.

Responsibilities

Write product or system development code.
Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available technologies.
Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .